Delete source for documentation that has been moved to docs platform (#1120)
mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver: etc/releasing.md

The new branch should be continuously tested on Evergreen. Update the "Display Name" and "Branch Name" of the [mongo-cxx-driver-latest-release Evergreen project](https://spruce.mongodb.com/project/mongo-cxx-driver-latest-release/settings/general) to refer to the new release branch.

## Create Documentation Tickets

Documentation generation must be run after the release tag has been made and
pushed.

- Create and checkout a new branch to contain documentation updates from master:
  `git checkout -b post-release-changes master`. This branch will be used to
  create a PR later.
- Edit `etc/apidocmenu.md` and add the released version in the `mongocxx` column
  following the established pattern. If this is a minor release (X.Y.0), revise
  the entire document as needed.
- Edit the `README.md` to match.

> - Ensure [DOCSP JIRA
>   tickets](https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/DOCSP/issues/DOCSP-37927?filter=allopenissues)
>   are created for:
> 
>   - the `Installing the MongoDB C driver` section of the [Advanced Installation
>    documentation](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/advanced.txt)
>   to reflect libmongoc requirements
>   - the installation pages for:
> 
>     - [Linux](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/linux.txt)
>     - [Windows](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/windows.txt)
>     - [macOS](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/macos.txt)
> 
>    If the release was not a release candidate, update `Step 2` to reflect the
>    new latest stable version to download.

Reviewer: Suggest limiting this step to stable (not release candidate) releases. Suggest recommending creating DOCSP ticket to simplify the process. Note updating version in snooty.toml and home page table:

```suggestion
- If the release was not a release candidate, ensure a [DOCSP JIRA ticket](https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/DOCSP/issues/) is created to request updating:

  - the `Installing the MongoDB C driver` section of the [Advanced Installation documentation](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/advanced.txt) to reflect libmongoc requirements
  - the `Driver Status by Family and Version` section of the [home page](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/master/source/installation/linux.txt)
  - the [C++ driver version](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cpp/blob/e13d787967172220ae19e5d78df61e2071735f0f/snooty.toml#L20-L21).
```
